build/include/ot-access.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-action.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-alarm.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-aws.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-cache.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-chan.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-cli.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-control.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-cppt.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-crypto.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-daemon.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-db.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-db-mysql.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-db-pgsql.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-db-sqlite.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-dns.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-exec.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-expr.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-file.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-g2d.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-gather.h /usr/include/obtoolsg
build/include/ot-gen.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-gnuplot.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-hash.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-huffman.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-init.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-json.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-lang.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-lex.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-lib.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-llm.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-log.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-merkle.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-misc.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-msg.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-mt.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-net.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-netlink.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-regen.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-script.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-serial.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-soap.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-ssl.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-ssl-openssl.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-text.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-time.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-tube.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-web.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-xmi.h /usr/include/obtools
build/include/ot-xml.h /usr/include/obtools

build/lib/ot-access.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-alarm.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-aws.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-chan.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-cli.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-control.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-cppt.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-crypto.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-daemon.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-db.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-db-mysql.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-db-pgsql.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-db-sqlite.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-dns.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-exec.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-expr.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-file.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-gather.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-huffman.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-init.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-json.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-lang.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-lex.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-llm.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-log.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-merkle.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-misc.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-mt.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-net.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-netlink.a /usr/lib/obtools/r
build/lib/ot-regen.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-script.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-serial.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-soap.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-ssl.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-ssl-openssl.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-text.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-time.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-tube.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-web.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-xmi.a /usr/lib/obtools/
build/lib/ot-xml.a /usr/lib/obtools/


